Question,Type,Choices,Correct Answer

What is the purpose of Azure Vision Image Analysis?, Single choice, To extract information about visual features in images, To extract information about visual features in images; To provide reporting and auditing of virtual machine templates in your Azure subscriptions; To support video conferencing and web-cam communication

You want to use Azure Vision Image Analysis to generate suggested text descriptions for an image. Which visual feature should you specify?, Single choice, DenseCaptions, DenseCaptions; Tags; Read

Text location information in an image is returned at which levels by Azure Vision Image Analysis?, Single choice, A block containing the location of lines of text as well as individual words., A block containing the location of lines of text as well as individual words; A single block containing all of the text in the image.; 
The location of individual words only.

You need to create a facial recognition solution to identify named employees. Which service should you use?
Azure Vision Image Analysis.
Azure Vision Custom Vision.
Azure Vision Face.  EEE

What should you return when analyzing an image to see the spatial points related to facial features?
Accessories
Landmarks EEE
Layout

What information does a client application need to connect to Azure AI Custom Vision and classify an image?
The endpoint and key for the Custom Vision training resource
The endpoint and key for the Custom Vision prediction resource
The endpoint and key for the Custom Vision prediction resource, the project ID for your image classification project, and the name of your deployed model EEE

What does an object detection model predict?
The location and class of specific classes of object in an image. EEEE
The class of the main subject of an image.
The file type of an image.

What must you do before taking advantage of the smart labeler tool when creating an object detection model?
Create a JSON file containing bounding box coordinates.
Tag some images with objects of each class and train an initial object detection model. EEE
Train an image classification (multilabel) model.

Which kind of model can you use to respond to visual input?
Only OpenAI GPT models
Embedding models
Multimodal models EEE


How can you submit a prompt that asks a model to analyze an image?
Submit one prompt with an image-based message followed by another prompt with a text-based message.
Submit a prompt that contains a multi-part user message, containing both text content and image content. EEE
Submit the image as the system message and the instruction or question as the user message.

You want to use a model in Microsoft Foundry to generate images. Which model should you use?
DALL-E EE
GPT-4o
text-embedding-ada-002


=
===================================================================================

Which component of an Azure AI Search solution is scheduled to extract and enrich data to populate an index?
Indexer
Correct

Projection

Query


Which kind of projection results in a relational data schema for extracted fields?

File

Object

Table
Correct



What kinds of AI solution is Azure Content Understanding designed to help you build?

Chatbots that automatically translate between multiple spoken and written languages.

Analyzers that extract information from documents, images, videos, and audio files.
Correct

Image generators that create visualizations based on descriptions.


What should you define for the information you want to extract from content?

A schema.
Correct

An index.

A cluster.





How are the extracted fields returned?

As type-specific values.
Correct

As a list of strings.

As a single blob.



What must be specified when calling the analyze method to extract fields from content?

The name of the Foundry Tools resource.

The name of the analyzer.
Correct

The Operation-Location returned when the analyzer was created.







What configuration values are needed to use the Azure Content Understanding REST API?

The name of the resource group where the Azure service is deployed.

The Azure subscription ID and tenant ID.

The endpoint and key for the Azure AI service.
Correct




 A person plans to use an Azure Document Intelligence prebuilt invoice model. To extract document data using the model and REST API language, what are two calls they need to make to the API?

Train Model and Get Model Labels

Analyze Invoice and Get Analyze Invoice Result
Correct

Create Azure Document Intelligence and Get Analyze Invoice Result




A person needs to build an application that submits expense claims and extracts the merchant, date, and total from scanned receipts. What's the best way to build the application?

Use the Read API of the Azure Vision service.

Use Azure Document Intelligence's prebuilt receipts model
Correct

Use Azure Document Intelligence's Layout service




 A person is building a custom model with Azure Document Intelligence services. What is required to train a model?

Along with the form to analyze, JSON files need to be provided.
Correct

Training must be done through language-specific SDKs.

Nothing else is required.
